Updated the Scavenge tutorial to v0.17 (#751)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: scavenge/tutorial/01-background.md

# Background

> This tutorial was first presented as a workshop at GODays 2020 Berlin by [Billy Rennekamp](https://twitter.com/billyrennekamp).

Reviewer: good update!

We will be working today with a Go framework called the [Cosmos SDK](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk). This framework makes it easy to build **deterministic state machines**. A state machine is simply an application that has a state and explicit functions for updating that state. You can think of a light bulb and a light switch as a kind of state machine: the state of the "application" is either `light on` or `light off`. There is one function in this state machine: `flip switch`. Every time you trigger `flip switch` the state of the application goes from `light on` to `light off` or vice versa. Simple, right?

> A **deterministic** state machine is just a state machine in which an accumulation of actions, taken together and replayed, will have the same outcome. So if we were to take all the `switch on` and `switch off` actions of the entire month of January for some room and replay then in August, we should have the same final state of `light on` or `light off`. There's should be nothing about January or August that changes the outcome (of course a _real_ room might not be deterministic if there were things like power shortages or maintenance that took place during those periods).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **deterministic** state machine is just a state machine in which an accumulation of actions, taken together and replayed, will have the same outcome. So if we were to take all the `switch on` and `switch off` actions of the entire month of January for some room and replay them in August, we should have the same final state of `light on` or `light off`. There should be nothing about January or August that changes the outcome (of course a _real_ room might not be deterministic if there were things like power shortages or maintenance that took place during those periods).
```

Reviewer: u@fadeev I really appreciate this explanation, how did we live without it? thank you

Another nice property of cryptographically hashing state is that it creates a system of **reliable dependencies**. I can build software that uses your library and reference a specific state in your software. That way if you change your code in a way that breaks my code, I don't have to use your new version but can continue to use the version that I reference. This same property of knowing exactly what the state of a system (as well as all the ways that state can update) makes it possible to have the necessary assurances that allow for digital scarcity within an application. _If I say there is only one of some thing within a state machine and you know that there is no way for that state machine to create more than one, you can rely on there always being only one._

> You might have guessed by now that what I'm really talking about are **Blockchains**. These are deterministic state machines which have very specific rules about how state is updated. They checkpoint state with cryptographic hashes and use asymmetric cryptography to handle **access control**. There are different ways that different Blockchains decide who can make a checkpoint of state. These entities can be called **Validators**. Some of them are chosen by an electricity intensive game called **proof-of-work** in tandem with something called the longest chain rule or **Nakamoto Consensus** on Blockchains like Bitcoin or Ethereum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might have guessed by now that what I'm really talking about are **blockchains**. These are deterministic state machines which have very specific rules about how state is updated. Blockchains checkpoint state with cryptographic hashes and use asymmetric cryptography to handle **access control**. There are different ways that different Blockchains decide who can make a checkpoint of state. These entities can be called **Validators**. Some of them are chosen by an electricity-intensive game called **proof-of-work** in tandem with something called the longest chain rule or **Nakamoto Consensus** on blockchains like Bitcoin or Ethereum.
```
